= movr_acts_as_likeable
== Resources

Install
 * Create a new rails migration and add the following self.up and self.down methods

  def self.up
    create_table "likings", :force => true do |t|
      t.column "liking", :boolean, :default => false
      t.column "created_at", :datetime, :null => false
      t.column "likeable_type", :string, :limit => 15, :default => "", :null => false
      t.column "likeable_id", :integer, :default => 0, :null => false
      t.column "user_id", :integer, :default => 0, :null => false
    end

    add_index "likings", ["user_id"], :name => "fk_likings_user"
  end

  def self.down
    drop_table :likings
  end

== Usage
 * Make your ActiveRecord model act as likeable.

 class Model < ActiveRecord::Base
    acts_as_likeable
 end

 * Add a liking to a model instance

 model = Model.new
 liking = Liking.new(:liking => 1) (0=dislike, 1=like)
 model.likings << liking / model.add_liking(liking)

 * Each liking references the likeable object

 model = Model.find(1)
 model.likings.get(0).likeable == model

 * Count total likes of the likeable object

 model.find(1)
 model.likes_count (Count of Likes)

 * Count total dislikes of the likeable object

 model.find(1)
 model.dislikes_count (Count of DisLikes)

* Count percentage of likes to dislikes for the likeable object

 model.find(1)
 model.likes_percentage

* Count percentage of dislikes to likes for the likeable object

 model.find(1)
 model.dislikes_percentage

== Inspiration

This Plugin is heavily influenced by acts_as_voteable & acts_as_rateable,
can be used for Thumbs Up/Down or Likes/Dislikes situations, also helps to
get the Percentage of Likes to Dislikes and vice versa on an Object, to depict
average popularity.

== Contributing to movr_acts_as_likeable
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 https://github.com/umerfarooq (umerfarooq) on github for origonal plugin and Daryl Moulder https://github.com/darmou. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

